docs(vscode): clarify custom provider protocol selection (#11418)
Kilo-Org/kilocode: packages/kilo-docs/pages/ai-providers/openai-compatible.md

**Configuration fields:**

> - **`npm`** — The API protocol package. Use `@ai-sdk/openai-compatible` for OpenAI Chat Completions-compatible endpoints (the default when omitted), `@ai-sdk/openai` for OpenAI Responses endpoints, or `@ai-sdk/anthropic` for Anthropic Messages endpoints.

Author: ```suggestion
- **`npm`** — The API protocol package. Use `@ai-sdk/openai-compatible` for OpenAI Chat Completions-compatible endpoints (the default when omitted). Other possible values include `@ai-sdk/openai` for OpenAI Responses endpoints and `@ai-sdk/anthropic` for Anthropic Messages endpoints.
```
